Name of the tour: Best of Cambodia & Northern Thailand
Countries visited: Vietnam Cambodia Thailand
Start date: 2024-04-19
Trip duration: 15 days
Standard - Adult: 1449.00
Travel Style: Classic - All of the highlights, culture, access, and I-can’t-believe-we-did-that moments, all at a great price.
Service Level: Standard - Comfortable tourist-class accommodations with character; mix of public and private transport.
Physical Grading: 2 - Light - Light walking and hiking suitable for most fitness levels. Nothing too challenging.
Merchandising: Book Your Bubble - The Book Your Bubble Collection is a collection of 80 G Adventures tours that give travellers and their hand-picked crew the safety of travelling with people they know, combined with extra benefits for booking private travel.
Trip Type: Small Group - Group trips average 12 travellers per departure, depending on the adventure. The maximum is usually no more than 16, but some can be smaller or bigger, depending on the trip. Check individual trips for details.
Itinerary:
Day 1: Arrive at any time.
Day 2: Enjoy a boat cruise through the villages, islands, and markets of the Mekong Delta, and visit traditional candy factories.
Day 3: Travel day with border crossing from Vietnam to Cambodia. Enjoy a cyclo tour through the city.
Day 4: Guided tour of Tuol Sleng Museum (S-21 Prison) and Choeung Ek (Killing Fields). Opt to visit the Royal Palace, the National Museum or the Central Market. 
Day 5: Drive from Phnom Penh to Siem Reap, the home base for exploring incredible Angkor Wat.
Day 6: Watch the sun rise over the massive Angkor temple complex with a guided tour. Opt to visit the Tonlé Sap floating village and the Angkor National Museum. Enjoy a traditional meal of Khmer food at a G Adventures for Good-supported project.
Day 7: Spend another day in Siem Reap, exploring more temples of Angkor or going further afield.
Day 8: Cross the border into Thailand and continue on to the bustling metropolis of Bangkok.
Day 9: Head out and explore all you can in this sprawling city.
Day 10: Enjoy a klong boat tour of Bangkok including a visit to Wat Pho. Travel to Kanchanaburi and head to your floating rafthouse accommodation. Enjoy free time to explore.
Day 11: Enjoy a day of sightseeing at Erawan Falls and the Bridge on the River Kwai.
Day 12: Explore the Allied War Cemetery and the Thai-Burmese Railway Centre to learn more about the area's history. Travel to Ayutthaya and visit the historical sites of the old capital city. In the evening board an overnight train to Chiang Mai.
Day 13: Arrive in Chiang Mai and explore the city. Visit Doi Suthep in the afternoon.
Day 14: Take a full free day to relax or explore the countryside of northern Thailand.
Day 15: Depart at any time.
