Name of the tour: Cambodia to Vietnam: Night Markets & Noodle-Making
Countries visited: Vietnam Cambodia Thailand
Start date: 2024-04-19
Trip duration: 20 days
Standard - Adult: 1299.00
Travel Style: 18-to-Thirtysomethings - Fast, fresh, and fun adventures that never slow down, made for young, budget-minded travellers.
Service Level: Basic - Simple and clean hotels and hostels; affordable public and private transport; lots of optional activities.
Physical Grading: 2 - Light - Light walking and hiking suitable for most fitness levels. Nothing too challenging.
Merchandising: Planeterra Project - None
Trip Type: Small Group - Group trips average 12 travellers per departure, depending on the adventure. The maximum is usually no more than 16, but some can be smaller or bigger, depending on the trip. Check individual trips for details.
Itinerary:
Day 1: Arrive at any time and welcome to Thailand's bustling capital - Bangkok!

Tonight, meet your CEO and get to know fellow travellers as you cheers to new adventures.
Day 2: Cross the border from Thailand into Cambodia, your home base for exploring Siem Reap and the incredible Angkor Wat. Opt to check out Phare Circus, a uniquely Cambodian experience.
Day 3: Watch the sun rise over the majestic and mystifying ruins of Angkor Wat. Then, taste all manners of salty, sweet, spicy, and sour with a delicious Khmer meal at a restaurant kickstarted by our non-profit partner, Planeterra, or with a local family. Opt to end your day with a Sunset Quad Bike ride through the outskirts of Siem Reap. Later, head to the infamous Pub Street, where the party goes round the clock. Grab a bite to eat (deep-fried tarantula, anyone?) and let the beats move you through market stalls and bars.
Day 4: Travel to Phnom Penh, Cambodia’s busy capital nestled along the mighty Mekong River. Get your bearings on an orientation walk and spend the rest of the evening at leisure.
Day 5: Spend the day diving deep into Phnom Penh's culture and history. Opt to reflect on one of Cambodia’s darkest periods with a visit to the Tuol Sleng Prison and the Killing Fields. Or venture to the Silver Pagoda or Royal Palace for a more peaceful experience. Later, discover the foodie side of this city on a street food crawl.
Day 6: Ride in style to Sihanoukville and board a boat to your own private beach on Koh Rong island. Take the afternoon to taste local seafood, snorkel the coral reefs, or sit back and relax with a drink before hitting the warm waves.
Day 7: Enjoy your last full day on this pristine island. Do anything you might have missed the day before, like snorkelling, fishing, hiking, or kayaking. Wait 'til after sunset to swim in a sea of blue sparkles caused by phosphorescent plankton. Ooh la la!
Day 8: Head back to the mainland and journey to Chambok Village where you’ll spend the night and get to know the local people over a delicious Cambodian home cooked meal. Immerse yourself in the community and wander around this remote region.
Day 9: Cross another border into Vietnam, stopping in the famed Ho Chi Minh City where you'll spend the night at a popular backpackers hostel. Take this chance to visit the Ben Thanh Market for souvenirs and handicrafts before taking in the buzzing nightlife. Choose to venture to one of the many rooftop bars for a panoramic view and live music.
Day 10: Feel the pulse of Vietnam’s biggest city on a CEO-led orientation walk, with free time after to double back to your favourite spots. Shop 'til your heart's content, immerse yourself in local culture, or just wander the streets to take in the city's unique vibe. Tonight, catch up on sleep on an overnight train to Nha Trang.
Day 11: You’ve arrived! Welcome to the eastern sea. Take this morning to explore local shops and markets, rejuvenate in a therapeutic mud bath, relax on the beach, or visit nearby historical sites before an evening street food crawl.
Day 12: It’s not over yet. There’s more free time to explore Nha Trang today, so soak it all in. Then, hop on an overnight train to continue to Hoi An, stopping first in Da Nang for a short transfer.
Day 13: Hoi An’s excited to meet you. See why on an orientation walk of the city before spending free time in the afternoon. Dig even deeper and choose between a cooking class, cycling to the beach, visiting a tailor, or exploring old town. Tonight's the night for your big night out, grab a drink on our tab and reminisce about your favourite adventures so far. Then dance the night away!
Day 14: Noodles might be fun to eat, but they’re even more fun to make. Find out how during a visit to G Adventures-supported Oodles of Noodles. The rest of the day is yours, so see what you can discover. Choose to visit the ancient ruins of My Son, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, or cruise down the Thu Bon River.
Day 15: Head north to the Imperial City of Huế. There’s lots to do here, with options to visit the indestructible Royal Citadel and tombs, cruise along Perfume River, or jump on a motorbike and ride around like the local people.
Day 16: Your second day in Huế comes with more free time to enjoy the city. In the afternoon, travel through Vietnam's stunning countryside to the green rocky mountains of Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park.
Day 17: Today, opt to head underground to explore the awe-inspiring caves of Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park, where the oldest karst mountains and longest cave in Asia are found. Then it’s an overnight train to Hanoi.
Day 18: After arriving in Hanoi, the bustling capital of Vietnam, take a private bus to the iconic Halong Bay for a seafood lunch cruise and cave exploring. Be sure to charge your camera so you can grab a shot truly worth sharing!
Day 19: Feel like you've gone back in time with an orientation walk through Hanoi’s Old Quarter. Then stop for a drink at Bia Hoi Corner, a spot that serves bia hoi, a local beer made of rice and wheat — and costs a mere $0.25USD per glass!
Day 20: Today, it’s time to say goodbye to your group of newfound friends. Be sure to sneak in some last-minute photos and exchange social medias before you head on your way.
